basic roles removed from the IAM condition examples (#4861)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/r/google_folder_iam.html.markdown

~> **Note:** `google_folder_iam_binding` resources **can be** used in conjunction with `google_folder_iam_member` resources **only if** they do not grant privilege to the same role.

> ~> **Note:** The underlying API method `projects.setIamPolicy` has a lot of constraints which are documented [here](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/reference/rest/v1/projects/setIamPolicy). In addition to these constraints, 
>    IAM Conditions cannot be used with Basic Roles such as Owner. Violating these constraints will result in the API returning 400 error code so please review these if you encounter errors with this resource.

Reviewer: minor suggestions
```suggestion
~> **Note:** The underlying API method `projects.setIamPolicy` has many constraints which are documented [here](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/reference/rest/v1/projects/setIamPolicy). In addition to these constraints, 
   IAM Conditions cannot be used with Basic Roles such as Owner. Violating these constraints will result in the API returning a 400 error so please review these if you encounter errors with this resource.
```

Author: done

data "google_iam_policy" "admin" {
  binding {

>     role = "compute.admin"

Author: yes, corrected it
